you're pushers your team to meet standards, do you? It's simple early
and often you communicate your standards and what's expected of them.
And you reinforced those expectations early enough by being present
by being around them by displaying those standards by pushing those
standards by encouraging them to meet those standards, it'll it might
take time. Some teams take longer than others, and you will eventually
get there. But one key Teoh this method is you also have to,
um, you also have to. I'm trying to figure out the words to say You
have to lay out a plan to get there so you can't lead the blind if you're
blind blind. Can't leave the blood so established A plan to get
to those standards and take your team throughout those steps and move
forward. Move accordingly. That's that's one way that I couldn't
I could think of